Add blog post about london meetup (#193)
bazelbuild/bazel-blog: _posts/2019-08-12-BuildMeetup-CallForSpeakers.md

give a talk!**

We are pleased to announce that on 1st & 2nd October 2019, Cloudflare, Bloomberg and Google will be hosting a Build Meetup
at the Cloudflare offices in London. As the schedule is being shaped, we are announcing a **[call for speakers](https://forms.gle/s7GRKatte5kH5C2s7)**.
The keynote will be presented by [Andrey Mokhov](https://blogs.ncl.ac.uk/andreymokhov/).

The event will be themed around all things build and test: Bazel, Buck, BuildStream, ccache, CMake, distcc, Dune, Pants,
Remote Execution and all the surrounding ecosystems. On the first day a series of talks will be presented followed by
refreshments. On the 2nd October, there will be an opportunity for broader community collaboration and discussion during
our all day hackathon.

We are looking for insightful and engaging talks and presentations on topics focused around build systems. Have you worked
tirelessly for the past 6 months on a new feature for project foo you would like to showcase? Have you and your team spent
the last year integrating the tool bar at your workplace? Do you have some comparisons to make between qux and quux that the

> community could benefit from? If so, we and the community would like to hear from you! Proposals welcome from 10 minute

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
community could benefit from? If so, we and the community would like to hear from you! We are welcoming proposals for 10 minute
```

lightning talks all the way to 45 minute deep dives.

> If you'd like to attend make sure to watch this space for the opening of the meetup registration soon!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to attend, make sure to watch this space for the opening of the meetup registration soon!
```
